What took you so long? Nothing happened?
Why don't you worry about embarrassing me by forgetting them?
Since you're fine
I'll take you away
No, I have to go on stage later
Do you mean to say
Hey, didn't this watch break last time?
I fixed it and it still works
This watch is already like this.
I think it's better to get a new one.
Talk about it later
Although this watch is not very valuable
But I always feel like I have to throw it away
Why can't you give up?
Boy, didn't I tell you to get out?
Why are you still here?
Do you really think I'm afraid to do it?
Really let me go
Yeah how
You still have a temper
If I go
You can't do this party
You shouldn't say that you are the eldest young master of the Wan family again, right?
Although Master Wan Jie told me
He has nothing to do with the Wanshang Conference
But it's not your turn to get out of here, Hu Laodao